[instrumental music]
Okay, Cyllage City,
you're up next.
Here we come!
‐ I have an idea!
‐ Huh?
Since we're already here
in Lumiose City
why don't we go and visit
Professor Sycamore
before we leave?
‐ That's a great idea, Serena!
‐ Mm‐hm.
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
SERENA 'Also, ta‐da! I
baked macarons last night!'
‐ Whoa!
‐ Oh!
Yummy and pretty too!
Let's share them
with the professor.
Yay! Oh, boy,
I can hardly wait!
[intense music]
‐ Huh? What's that?
‐ Amazing. Fascinating.
'It would seem this
is Blaziken's Mega Evolution.'
JESSIE 'Mega Evolution? It
looks mega‐super‐strong!'
To refresh our collective
memory, our plan is to make
Meowth Mega Evolve
and then capture Pikachu.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yeah, but is that
even possible?
JAMES I've also discovered
that Professor Sycamore
is the leading expert
on Mega Evolution.
JESSIE So, all we do
is we steal his data.
JAMES And program set data
into our detailed database.
Dig, now I understand
why we brought
that monstrosity with us.
JAMES 'Mega Evolution
makes the Mega Meowth.'
'Mega Meowth makes
the Mega Team Rocket.'
'Mega Team Rocket makes
the whole Mega world its own!'
‐ 'Run that by me again?'
‐ 'No need! It's Mega‐mania!'
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
(Ash)
"Mega‐Mega Meowth Madness!"
NARRATOR While traveling
in the Kalos region
as Ash works
to enter the Kalos League
our heroes have decided
to visit Professor Sycamore.
So, you're all
traveling together now, eh?
‐ Sounds like a great plan.
‐ Thanks.
[HAPPY]
Professor, here.
I baked delicious macarons
for everyone.
‐ Mm. Such a sweet treat.
‐ How nice.
I suggest we have a little tea
break with those macarons.
I still have
a little work to do.
So, I'll have mine a bit later.
SERENA Will you let us see
what you're working on?
Of course.
Make yourself at home.
SOPHIE
Everyone, tea is ready.
Alright, everybody,
let's dig in.
ASH
Hey, where are the macarons?
‐ Huh?
‐ Where did they go?
‐ 'They were here a moment ago.'
[EATING]
Ah‐ha. I knew
it was you, Chespin.
Sneaking around again.
ASH
So, that's Chespin, huh?
Yes, it's one of three Pokémon
new Trainers can choose from.
The three Pokémon are Froakie,
who's a water‐type.
Fennekin, a fire‐type
and the third one is Chespin,
who's a grass‐type.
Awesome.
Chespin's a grass‐type.
POKEDEX
Chespin. The Spiny Nut Pokémon.
'Chespin can flex
the soft spikes on its head'
'making them so stiff and sharp'
'they can even
pierce through stone.'
[EMPHATIC]
[DEFENSIVE]
BONNIE
'It's so cute.'
[chuckles]
If you wanted macarons
you should have just said so.
'Why don't you share?'
[screams]
[groans]
[INTENT]/[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
CHESPIN
[EXERTION]
SOPHIE
I'm so sorry.
‐ Huh?
‐ Don't worry.
That Chespin
is a bit of a prankster.
I've got an idea.
'Let's see what the professor's
doing, Bonnie!'
(Bonnie)
'Yeah! Let's go.'
[instrumental music]
Target confirmed.
How's everyone feeling today?
[CHEERING]
Alright, are you ready
to go through with this, Meowth?
‐ I'm ready to rock.
‐ Then let's.
ZIGZAGOON PSYDUCK HELIOPTILE
[PANIC]
Whoa!
[gasping]
JESSIE Well, if it isn't
the good professor.
What are you doing here?
See, Team Rocket
needs to borrow you
for a little bit,
if you don't mind.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE 'You!
You're that talking Meowth.'
And you're toast.
[screams]
[groans]
What is this all about?
You keep your evil hands
off the Pokémon!
[Jessie scoffs]
You're the one we want.
And you're the one we've got!
'In you go!'
‐ The catch of the day.
‐ Let's scram out of here!
‐ Huh? Isn't that..
‐ Team Rocket.
‐ Let's go after them. Hmm.
‐ 'Wait for me!'
[CONFUSED]
[DETERMINED]
‐ Hmm.
‐ Professor?
‐ Hmm?
You've got to get out of here!
Go back!
We'll save you.
Huh? Hey! Open the door!
Open the door!
[gasping]
[SHOCKED]/[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
‐ Serena, what do we do now?
‐ Uh.
[DISAPPOINTED]
ASH
Chespin!
PIKACHU [WORRIED]
CHESPIN [URGENT]
Where is everyone?
Uh, Professor Sycamore
is missing.
Serena and Bonnie too.
[URGENT]
Thanks, Chespin.
We'll take it from here.
‐ Oh, no, poor Bonnie.
‐ I know what to do.
Fletchling, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
I'll let Officer Jenny know
what's going on.
‐ Thank you.
‐ Fletchling, follow that truck.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
ASH
What is it, Chespin?
[URGENT]
[EXERTION]
‐ They're pieces of macarons.
‐ But why are they out here?
Serena wanted us to find them,
so, she must have left a trail.
Yeah, you're right!
And if we follow
the macaron trail
we'll know
where they were taken!
[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]
CLEMONT
You're doing great, Chespin!
‐ Phase one, complete.
‐ No muss, no fuss.
JAMES
Right!
‐ Huh?
‐ How did they get in?
‐ This isn't your truck.
Prepare for trouble!
I'd say you bad people
have finally met your match!
And, make it a double
crook catch!
‐ To protect the world from‐‐
‐ Thieves!
JAMES Copyright infringement!
Get away from him!
You let us go now
or you're gonna wish you had!
What a pain!
You must be a Twerpette!
‐ 'Out!'
‐ Or you'll wish you had.
[clamoring]
‐ Mm.
‐ You're in trouble.
Dedenne, use
Thundershock, now!
'Hmm?'
[HAPPY]
Look, pal, all we want
is your Mega Evolution secret.
Spill the beans and we'll let
the bunch of you out of here.
But if you wanna be
a dope and say no..
[laughing]
MEOWTH
So, start quackin'!
[grunting]
Stop! Alright! You win!
The Mega Evolution data
is in my coat pocket.
MEOWTH
In here?
Look what I found.
A memory card.
[humming]
[panting]
Clemont? Something wrong?
Something terrible
has happened.
Oh. Huh.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[panting]
[URGENT]
‐ Huh..
‐ 'It's Fletchling!'
[EXERTION]
There they are.
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT 'So, Team Rocket
was behind this after all.'
BONNIE
What are you doing?
Stifle your obnoxious
Twerpish whining
until our mission is complete.
[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]
BONNIE Hey, what do you
think they're doing?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
They're probably trying to use
my Mega Evolution data
for no good.
Huh? Then why did you
give them that memory card?
Well, I would have
preferred not to
but...keeping you safe
is much more important to me.
[CONFUSED]
[PAINED]
[CURIOUS]/[EXERTION]
JAMES
And in.
So, after all that
do you think this will work?
JAMES Of course, we simply
input the Mega Evolution data
into our secret weapon program
and we'll be good to go.
'Downloading.'
MEOWTH 'Hey, this gig is
pumpin' me up big time!'
We've gotta get them
all out of there!
Now, hold on.
We can't rush them
or we'll get caught too.
[EXCITED]/[EXERTION]
Uh.. Aah!
[PANIC]/[PAINED]
‐ Huh?
‐ It's Chespin!
[FRIENDLY]
‐ That did it.
‐ Huh..
Now, that I think of it,
rushing them is a great idea.
Come on. We're gonna get you
out of here!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Chespin!
[HAPPY]
JESSIE Well, well, why
go chasing after Pikachu
when Pikachu's chasing us?
Let our friends go free,
Team Rocket.
Prepare for trouble,
you're half right.
That is our name but your
friends are stuck tight.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
JESSIE Team Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light.
JAMES Surrender now or prepare
for one Mega Evolved fight.
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ That's how it's done.
‐ Hmm.
‐ 'Serena, you okay?'
‐ 'Yeah, I'm fine.'
Bonnie, did Team Rocket
hurt you?
I'm fine. Don't worry.
‐ Could you untie me too?
‐ Argh!
We give you
our totally awesome motto
and you Twerps
give us the brushoff!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay, let's all get out
of here!
‐ That's not going to happen!
‐ Huh?
The mega software's
ready to roll, folks!
Excellent,
now, we can catch Pikachu
the modern, Mega Evolution way!
‐ Ready, Meowth?
‐ Thought you'd never ask.
What's that?
Oh, you'll see soon enough.
With our Mega Evolution data
inputted
into our
secret weapon program
it's now
Mega Evolution times two!
Or, our magnificent
Mega‐Mega Meowth Machine.
Activating program.
CLEMONT
What kind of machine is it?
Meowth, Meowth, Meowth!
Rock and roll!
[growls]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
Oh, my. Marvelous.
‐ It looks powerful!
‐ Wow!
I know they're our enemy but
that's a super‐cool invention.
Stop, this isn't
exactly the time
for the two of you
to be impressed!
‐ Right.
‐ Let's get out of here!
Come on, guys.
[screaming]
[rumbling]
[PANIC]
Chespin, no! Huh? Argh!
[FRANTIC]
[Clemont grunts]
Chespin, are you okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[groans]
I guess you must
really like macarons a lot.
[CONCERNED]
Yeah, I'm okay. Thanks.
[FRIENDLY]
[laughs]
Thank you.
I feel much better.
[HAPPY]
We've got to figure out a way
to stop that machine.
My good friends
are precious to me
'just like those macarons
are precious to you.'
'I've gotta help them.'
Operation Pikachu‐Catch,
makin' it real!
Alright, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
[PAINED]
[grunts]
Pikachu.
This machine can reflect
your Thunderbolt
which gives us
the mega‐upper hand.
No way. There's gotta be
something we can do.
[CONCERNED]
[URGENT]
Huh?
[panting]
CLEMONT
What's that?
PIKACHU
[STRUGGLING]
Pikachu..
Now, let's make not catching
Pikachu a thing of the past.
Talk about a mega‐mega blast.
This one's for the Boss!
'We'll hand him
the most powerful'
'Pikachu he's ever seen!'
[grunts]
[Ash grunts]
[Clemont panting]
This thing is plugged in.
[STRUGGLING]
CLEMONT
I see.
Pikachu. Ah.
[panting]
[grunts]
‐ Oh, no, Pikachu!
‐ Get out of there, Ash!
[grunting]
Huh?
Now, what's wrong?
‐ Where's the juice?
‐ Some sort of blackout?
‐ Sure seems that way.
‐ Ah.
[CONFUSED]
[PROUD]
[chuckles]
[growls]
What do I do to fix this thing?
‐ Turn on the auxiliary power!
‐ 10‐4! Extra juice, you're up!
'Connecting power
to main engine, now!'
[growls]
I'll say one thing.
They're prepared.
[URGENT]
Huh?
Hmm. Chespin,
use Pin Missile.
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
CLEMONT
No use. It's not working.
[EXERTION]/[WORRIED]
Hmm, right! Use Tackle.
[TACKLE MOVE]
It's too strong.
You can't beat it.
[chuckles]
Thanks.
That kind of tickled a little.
[ATTACK]/[PAINED]
Go for it, Chespin!
[ENCOURAGING]
Look at it go.
[DETERMINED]
Good idea! You two together.
Pikachu, Quick Attack!
[CONFIDENT]
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Keep it up, Twerp Pokémon!
'But you're no match
for Mega‐Mega Meowth!'
[INDIGNANT]
MEGA BLAZIKEN
[ATTACK]
What was that?
[SATISFIED]
‐ Huh?
ASH
Check it out.
I remember them.
‐ Oh..
‐ Incredible.
MEOWTH
'Uh‐oh! Mega Blaziken!'
[groaning]
Use Flamethrower, now!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
It's getting warm in here!
[explosion]
[PAINED]
[screaming]
[groaning]
JESSIE
It's charbroiled!
Both sides are Mega Evolved.
But the machine got barbecued
in one shot!
Now, Pikachu, Electro Ball.
CLEMONT I'm sure your Pin
Missile will work now, Chespin.
[READY]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[groans]
Sounds like it's makin' tea.
Mega‐Mega Meowth's power core
took a direct hit.
Is that the whistling sound
of impending doom?
If so, you know what's next.
[explosion]
[screaming]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
And don't come back.
‐ We did it, Clemont.
‐ Yeah!
Mega Blaziken was awesome.
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Chespin and Pikachu
were pretty awesome too.
[CONFUSED]
You know what?
I think you deserve
a little reward.
Yummy macarons.
[EXCITED]
[REFLECTIVE]/[WARM]
[EXERTION]
BONNIE
Yay!
‐ For me?
‐ Thank you.
‐ Thanks, Chespin.
‐ Be careful.
CLEMONT Or there won't
be any left for you.
[EXCITED]
[instrumental music]
MEYER It's good that
Clemont and Bonnie
are traveling
with Ash and company.
Strength isn't the only thing
Trainers needs for greatness.
Great Trainers also need
to forge an important
and lasting bond
with their Pokémon.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE Thank you
so much for your help today.
Because of all of you,
I'm free again.
Yeah, but still.
Your research lab's
messed up again.
PIKACHU
[SAD]
Not to worry.
I'll have it all fixed by the
time you come to visit again.
‐ We will, no doubt!
‐ Guess we'd better get going.
‐ Great to see you again.
‐ Big brother, excuse me.
Hmm? Bonnie, is there
something wrong?
Look over there.
It's been watching us.
CLEMONT
Chespin?
You were
a big help, Chespin.
I'm sure that
we'll see you soon.
[URGENT]
Huh?
[SAD]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE 'You know,
Clemont, it looks to me like'
Chespin wants to go with you.
Hm.
It's an amazing thing to watch
the likes of you and Ash
when you're together.
Huh?
‐ 'Clemont?'
‐ Huh?
I wanna travel
with Chespin too.
Please? Please? Please?
[chuckles]
Is that okay?
Would you really let me bring
Chespin along with us?
Of course.
After all,
that's what Chespin wants.
I happen to have Chespin's
Poké Ball right here with me.
‐ It's yours.
‐ Hmm.
So, Professor Sycamore says
it's okay for you
to come along with us.
[OVERJOYED]
That's great. Now..
It's a pleasure to meet you
all over again.
Yes! Today is a great day,
thanks to science!
‐ I caught a Chespin!
‐ Chespin's a keeper too!
Now, off to Cyllage City!
[EXCITED]
Take care, Professor Sycamore!
Bye.
‐ Bye bye!
‐ Huh?
‐ Time for adventure!
‐ Goodbye!
[panting]
NARRATOR Our heroes have
a new friend in Chespin.
Now, they're off
to Cyllage City
where Ash takes
his next step
towards entering
the Kalos League
as the journey continues.
[theme music]